All credit for the game idea, art, and sounds goes to Ninja Kiwi. We simply
took what we observed while playing the game on our mobile device and
programmed it in our own private environment. The implementation is
uniquely ours.

Bloons Tower Defense is a strategy game where your goal is to stop waves
of colorful balloons (called "bloons") from reaching the end of a winding
path. You do this by placing different types of towers along the sides of the path. Each tower automatically attacks any bloons that come into range,
using things like darts or bombs. You earn money by popping bloons,
which you can use to place more towers or upgrade the ones you have. The
game gets harder as more and tougher bloons appear, so you'll need to
think carefully about where to place your towers and how to build your
defenses. If too many bloons slip through,you lose—so pop them all before it's too late!

There are 9 different towers you can use in the game, each with its own strengths:

Dart Monkey – Most basic tower. Throws 1 dart at 1 balloon causing 1 damage.

Super Monkey – Extremely fast and powerful, but costs a lot to place. Strongest monkey in the game.

Tack Shooter – Fires 8 tacks in all directions at once.

Wizard – Uses magic attacks that can hit 5 targets in a row.

Ninja – Strong tower with tracking ninja stars whom can hit 3 balloons.

Glue Gunner – Slows down bloons by covering them in sticky glue.

Sniper Monkey – Attacks bloons from anywhere on the map with pinpoint accuracy. Lots of damage per shot!

Ice Tower – Freezes bloons in place, stopping them temporarily.

Bomb Tower – Launches bombs that deal area damage to groups of bloons.

After clicking Play, you’ll be able to scroll through three different maps, each with a unique path layout. Once you find one you like, select it to begin.

During the game, the tower selection panel is located on the right side of
the screen. To place a tower, simply click and drag it onto the map, then
click again to drop it. You can only place a tower if its cost (shown above
the panel) is less than or equal to your current in-game currency, which is
displayed at the top. In addition, while placing you will have a colored range
around the tower. If the color is grey that means the tower can be placed in
the location and if red it's invalid.

If you accidentally click a tower from the buy panel simply drag it to the
right and hover your cursor over the garbage icon. The tower will be removed from
your cursor and will not be placed with no penalty. If a tower has been
placed, and you want to get rid of it simply click on the placed tower and
click the sell button located on the left panel. This will give you 80% of the buy
value of the tower.

There are 4 buttons on the left side of the screen. These are the start wave
button which will begin the next wave of bloons. The pause button which
stop all current action in the game. Nothing can be interacted with at this
time during the game while the popup is on the screen. The there is the
reset game button which put's you back to wave 1 with all progress lost.
Finally, there is the red x in the very top left and when clicked it will exit
to the home screen.

Separate from the buttons there are two values on the left side of the map.
The value next to the heart is how much lives you have. Balloons will reduce
this value when they have reached the end of the map. If your health falls
below zero you have lost and will be prompted if you'd like to restart. Then
there is your current cash value which is what allows for you to place new
towers. Ensure that you have enough money for a given tower, or it will not
let you select it.

There are 30 waves each with their own unique spawn patterns and
combinations of balloons. If you successfully defeat all of these wave's you
win! Click play to begin.

Good Luck and have fun!